Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
It's been a year since
the railway tragedy
that shook the
Remis community.
The accident claimed 46 lives
and many still have
questions about what happened.
It was March 21. 2009.
at 12:33 p.m..
when a freight train traveling
the Venice-Tarvisio route
collided with a regional train
at over 110. the study of...
Hug him.
I'll do it when I get back.
I love you.
So you love me?
- Get the coffee with ice cream.
- Geez. but I was going for...
but...
Which hopefully can
give everyone back a...
Let's show daddy
how good you are.
Come on. here comes the airplane...
Look. open up.
Open up.
Look how it flies. flies...
Open up. open that...
Come on. do it.
Open!
Here comes the toy airplane.
Look at it.
Open.
Open your...
Open!
It's something you have to eat.
Professor Rossetti. welcome.
Nice to meet you.
Elisabetta Gengolo.
principal. pleased to meet you.
Was there heavy traffic?
We expected you an hour ago.
And you've been waiting
like this for an hour?
You know what?
You're already a star.
We've been talking about
nothing else for weeks.
You don't say.
It's not every day you get a former
judo champion as a substitute.
Our teaching staff...
partly.
Anna Cesca. the English teacher.
Great. right?
The kids did it.
They found your photo online
and couldn't resist.
Professor Rosetti.
this is Franco.
our school assistant.
- The janitor...
- Don't say that here.
If anyone has a problem.
they don't come to me. they go to him.
Though at first
he was a bit jealous...
Sorry. but I just want
to get home.
if you don't mind.
Of course.
You must be
dead tired.
- Can you show him the way?
- Sure thing.
It's not very central.
but you'll see.
It's really quiet.
Important numbers are
in the kitchen.
Doctor. schools. restaurants.
I recommend L'Aquila Nera.
good food and cheap.
If the fuse blows...
...just pull this out here.
What's going on here?
Someone's watching us.
Just pretend he's not there.
What does he want?
That's your neighbor.
What's wrong with this thing?
There you go.
I forgot. The water will be
lukewarm for a couple of days.
but once the new thermostat arrives.
I'll come back and fix the boiler.
so you can take a hot shower.
Let's go.
Oslo.
Welcome Professor.
What are your names?
- Sergio Cot... Loren...
- One at a time.
Lorenzo Berni.
Sergio Cotta.
I'm the only Sergio here.
from now on you're just Cotta.
Let's get this straight.
I won't be staying here long.
I'm gone in three months.
You just need to come in.
run for 10 minutes
and then grab the balls.
Boys play soccer.
girls play volleyball.
Excuse me.
why can't i play soccer?
You can do whatever you want.
All you have to do
is not bug me.
You don't bug me.
and I won't bug you.
And if you want to keep laughing.
you can do it in the principal's office.
Got it?
Now start running.
Run. come on!
And who are you?
What's your name?
Matteo Corbin.
And what are you doing?
Let's see.
Come on. let me see.
Let me see!
Well. look at that...
Aren't these cute?
How's kindergarten going.
Matteo Corbin?
Are they treating you well?
- I'm in high school.
- You're in high school!
What are you saying?
No. I don't believe it.
What grade are you in?
Second grade. B.
Same grade I'm teaching now.
Physical Education. how about that?
I'm exempt.
Oh really?
Then show me your note.
Don't have one?
Go run with the others.
Move it!
Get going.
How was your first day?
Fine.
The kids are well-behaved.
You're not much of a talker.
Tell me about the exempt student
who managed to attend class.
He didn't have a doctor's note.
He doesn't need one.
Do you understand?
Here we're used to
a different approach.
especially with the kids.
Do you always make that face?
What's wrong with my face?
We like smiles around here.
♪ The hunter in the forest ♪
♪ The rural Rome
that's so beautiful ♪
♪ So beautiful.
oh so very beautiful ♪
♪ And a soccer player... ♪
Coming!
What a nice way to try
to get attention.
Where did you leave Claudia?
I don't understand. sorry.
Don't you like to joke around?
Would you like a table?
No.
Just want to buy some
bottles to go.
No takeout drinks
after 9 PM. sorry.
You can always drink here.
Nobody will mind.
Give me a whiskey.
- Which kind?
- Whatever you want.
Alright. I'll give you this Remis.
Look. it's good stuff. eh?
Hey you!
Cheers!
What's wrong with everyone
in this town?
Nothing.
We're just happy.
It's beautiful. isn't it?
Who told you to stop?
Keep running.
Keep going!
Good morning.
- Bye. Michela. See you tomorrow.
- Bye. Sara.
You've cleaned out my pantry
and I still don't know your name.
Sergio.
Ah. Rossetti.
The new teacher. right?
The substitute.
Where are you from?
Maybe I talk too much?
From Taranto.
I'd love to live
by the sea. you know?
Why don't you go?
It's complicated.
In high school.
I dreamed of leaving.
but it was a different life.
Give me another!
Come on. give me another!
I have to close
the register. come on!
I'll pay. come on.
Give me one last one.
- Look. you're going to feel sick.
- Give me another!
What the hell are you doing?
What am I doing?
If I tell you to give me another.
you have to give me another.
Get out of here.
You're sick.
Did you hear me?
You're sick!
Leave or I'm calling the police.
I'm calling the police.
Get out.
Hey. I...
Can you hear me?
Did you drive here?
So I can't drive?
Yeah. fine.
What else...
Come on. you're going to die.
Take it easy.
What's wrong?
Oh well.
If you want to do it. do it.
Hey. listen. please stop.
Come on. enough.
Sergio. please stop.
Sergio. stop.
You can be okay.
Damn it. you can!
Stop. for God's sake!
- The...
- Stop!
No.
That's right.
I mean...
you can't come do this to me.
What did I do to you?
What thing?
I can't see you like this.
Damn it. I'm sorry.
I can go home later...
No. no. you don't understand.
You need it.
I'm not promising anything.
They'll say no.
but I want to try.
Wait here.
Come on...
Where are we?
Don't make me regret this.
Good evening. professor.
Where are we?
Michela.
Michela told me what happened.
I told her we'd talk
about this tomorrow.
But she begged me
to give you a chance.
I don't understand.
Rossetti.
You want to stop suffering.
Please...
Sergio. look at me.
You have the eyes of a dead man.
I won't ask you again.
Do you want to stop suffering?
Open it.
Take a lock.
Hold it in your hand.
Now you can let it go.
How did you do it?
How did he do it?
What did you lose?
I'm sorry. gentlemen. but we
can't take anyone else today.
Michela.
The request was approved.
Come with me.
Let's go.
You must enter alone.
Come in. professor.
What's wrong?
Come in.
Corbin?
You. who made the paralyzed walk.
You. who raised the dead.
Satisfy our faith.
nourish our soul.
We will trust in you.
Because we know you act
for our good.
delivering us from evil.
Amen.
You can continue with the embrace.
The embrace.
I'm a monster.
Easy. Matteo. everything's fine.
You were great.
Help us share our bread.
with those who have none.
Through Christ. our Lord.
Amen.
And so another sheep
joins the flock.
It's been a long day.
He's right to grieve.
But he's not one of us.
"I was hungry.
you gave me food."
"I was thirsty.
you gave me drink."
Want to review
the Gospel. Mauro?
I just want to eat in peace.
Sure.
Eat and let's speak no more of it.
And then they asked about Michela.
And what?
She needed Matteo
more than anyone.
I'm sorry.
You understand we couldn't
leave him with all that pain?
In fact. it was also
dangerous for us.
You should have thrown
him out immediately.
Dad. can I go to bed?
Go ahead.
Matteo.
You didn't pray at the table.
Yes I did.
in a whisper.
That's something you can tell
your father. but not Him. Matteo.
He is here.
to see you. to listen to you.
Because He doesn't want
certain bad things
to happen again.
I know.
but sometimes. it's like
you've forgotten.
That's not true.
Then prove it.
At the table.
we always pray out loud.
Today you saved a soul
from terrible pain.
It was a beautiful gesture. Matteo.
Sleep well.
Good night. dad.
Hi. guys.
Did you know this is the Year
of the Century Egg?
Good morning.
I didn't think you were
the animal type.
What's its name?
Oslo.
Does it talk too?
Will you tell me
what happened last night?
Now do you understand why they call
Renis the Valley of Smiles?
No. no. no. no. seriously.
what happened last night?
How are you?
Good.
I'm good. but my thoughts
don't make sense...
My thoughts.
- I still have my thoughts...
- But they don't hurt anymore.
I know.
Did he embrace you too?
He's embraced many
of us here.
Matteo helps us
when we need it.
Listen. I know you have
a thousand questions now.
but I assure you -
you won't find answers.
However.
what you can do
is enjoy this
feeling to the fullest.
Dad.
I'm a mons...
I was right. Rossetti.
A smile suits you.
Remis gave you an enormous gift.
Oh. I know you've been
through difficult times.
just like most of us after
the accident so many years ago.
but we are proof that starting
over is possible. Professor.
Now you too are
the keeper of our secret.
And for everyone's sake.
we ask that you don't share it.
Want some advice?
It's time to make up
for all the lost life.
And where is he now?
And where should he be. in class?
Come on. make me laugh. 1 euro.
I'll print you two with my tongue.
Please. come on. think
we're keeping that.
That's messed up.
You got it?
You're an idiot.
And that's fine.
Oh yeah. sure it's very fine.
Anyone have a coin. guys?
Yeah. I have it.
You owe me 20€.
I've got it.
I think it's time
to settle the debt.
Not a good idea.
The kids would be very happy.
Snd in my opinion.
she would too.
Come on.
Give me that damn coin.
Give it to me.
Cool it. you'll get in trouble.
That's gross.
What the hell are you doing?
Welcome to Remis. professor.
Everyone here kisses your ass.
Not me.
What's this mess?
What are you doing?
- What did you do to him?
- Nothing.
What happened?
Nothing. I tripped.
Everyone out!
Early break!
Let's go!
Look at this!
So you won't trip anymore.
Anyway. my father won't allow it.
And then he kept tripping.
Well. Matteo. everyone's
here waiting for you.
Come on.
Matteo. where are you going?
You knew we had
to get them back. right?
What does this mean?
- I want to do judo.
- Forget it.
Hey.
Are you blackmailing me?
No.
I just want to practice judo.
We'll talk about that later.
But now. go down
with them immediately.
Alma. a little
patience. he's coming.
But we don't wear kimonos.
Geishas wear kimonos.
Gozo. are you a geisha?
Besides. we use judogis.
[traditional uniform]
If you give me your size.
I'll buy one that fits you well.
Hajime.
"Ippon" is the knockout in judo.
To get an ippon.
you must make your opponent fall
on their back and hold them for 20 seconds.
If you manage that.
you win the match.
And you go home happy.
Hey kid.
you're sweating.
can you believe it?
So you hear that. Matteo?
That's why you're always sad.
It's just that I prefer
direct drums.
upbeat music.
And your dad?
I told him we'd finish later.
Listen...
About the other night...
I don't know what to believe.
But he's better now.
What happened?
How are you?
Good.
Where are the others?
We finished early.
Can I talk to you?
Wait in the car.
Are you sure picking up your son
from school every day is a good idea?
Yes. I'm sure.
All his classmates
go home by themselves.
Matteo has never complained.
He seems like someone who
keeps things inside.
Maybe. but you don't know him.
Have a good day.
But...
Today he looked very happy.
and devoted to God's Word.
The eternal word emanates from
the father before the ages.
He humbled. he became.
The eternal word
of the father
illuminates the heavens.
How are you?
Good. right?
- Good night.
Completed. miss.
But don't tell me
it's all complete. huh?
Tonight we're all full. huh?
But it wouldn't hurt
to try a little dessert.
- This is for you.
- For me?
No. no. you shouldn't have.
No. but I didn't make it.
I bought it.
Can I help you take off
your jacket?
No. it's fine.
I can do it myself.
Sorry.
A great start. I'd say.
You do it.
But...
Well...
I don't know.
I get it. but I'm...
a bit rusty at these things.
Would you like to come in?
- I have to take him out.
- I'll cook something for him later.
Who let you in?
You need to leave
or I'm calling the police.
It's not possible...
they forced you to embrace.
Get out of here right now!
You'll remember me.
I let him in.
just like everyone else...
Go to hell.
Serious railway accident in Remis.
death toll rises to 46.
What are you doing here?
Dad said I can
go out during the day.
Was it you?
I'll see if I have
anything to offer you.
I'm not used to
having guests.
so I should please you.
Hello.
♪ Little parrot plays the march... ♪
I'm sorry.
How did you do it?
Do what?
Make him talk.
How did you do it?
- Why do you say that?
- How the hell did you do it. Matteo?
I didn't do anything.
He only talked with my son.
In Oslo he lost the European final.
By one point.
And Giacomo called him Oslo.
So every time we
entered the house. he repeated:
Oslo.
And I got angry.
I saw Giacomo.
What did you see?
Everything.
I just wanted to help him. Matteo.
I just wanted to help.
Should I embrace you?
No.
It was a bit difficult.
but the boiler's fixed now.
Hey Franco.
Matteo.
What are you doing here?
Let's go home.
I'll come light it later.
I'll come back alone.
No.
- Stop pushing it.
- I'll come back alone!
- Let's go!
- Franco. leave him.
Let go of me!
He said he'd come back alone. Franco.
Franco. leave him alone.
you're hurting him.
There are schedules. rules.
What schedules. what rules?
He's just a kid. Franco.
Get this straight - outside
of school. you shouldn't see him.
He came with good intentions.
his father gave permission.
- Yeah. right...
- Franco.
You need to leave him alone.
You need to stop treating
him like a puppet.
- Mind your own business.
- This is my business.
He's my student.
No. he's not.
What's growing is yours.
Not yours.
What the hell are you talking about?
I shouldn't have done that.
Are you okay?
Franco?
Franco. are you alright?
Where have you been?
Went for a walk.
- Hi Sandro. Matteo can see
you at five today. - Dad...
- Here at our house.
- Dad. I need to tell you something.
Good morning. Giada.
We're running ahead.
Matteo can see you at 5:15.
Come with your mom
and the kids to our house.
I just wanted to thank him.
Thank him for what?
He was kind...
Of course he was.
He's a good person.
but there are lots of good people here.
in the end we all want the same thing.
Not him.
Hi. Renato Mauro.
We have a spot at 5:30.
I didn't do anything. I told you.
He hit himself.
You're calling me an idiot. Franco.
Could've been a stroke for all I know.
Calm down!
Rossetti.
We're not happy here about
your appointment with Matteo Corbin.
It'll take three months for the
discontent in our community to settle.
Look Rossetti. here...
...an adult and child walking
together concerns us.
Okay.
I can go back to
class with the kids.
To teach.
What a thing.
What are you doing here?
Scared you. huh?
Like we're two criminals.
But why here?
Because I get the feeling
nobody likes this place.
Come on. let's go.
He was just standing there.
staring at me.
At one point he raised his
hand and then slapped himself.
Really hard.
Hard?
I don't know. he's crazy.
Always seemed weird to me.
But.
until now...
What about Oslo?
What about him?
He's at home. why?
You always keep him in a cage.
It's not a cage. it's an aviary.
But Giacomo made him fly.
Because he listened to him.
Those two were pure gold.
Maybe he knew what was
going on in his head.
And you?
What's going on in your head?
Nothing.
- I'm fine...
- You're fine?
- Yes.
- You're not fine.
- Yes. i am. - No.
- Yes.
- No. - Yes.
- So you're fine. look.
You've convinced me.
What should I do?
I don't know. I don't know.
Whatever you like.
I mean. at 15. surely you can
find something you like. Right?
I make people feel good.
I don't know.
I think that's silly.
What you do is amazing.
but not just that.
But for them.
you're like a sponge.
absorbing all the pain.
They're using you. Matteo.
They're using you.
That's how it is.
So then what?
And all this pain...
I know. it's a stupid question.
What happens to it?
Does it stay with you?
Do you throw it away? I don't know.
You blow your nose
and leave it in the tissue.
What happens to it?
You're always joking.
I used to joke a lot.
I only started doing it
again thanks to you.
Come on.
Matteo. it's you.
Can I hug you?
Ask. and it shall be given...
...seek. and you shall find...
knock. and it shall be opened.
Ask. smile. and seek.
and you shall find.
Knock. and I opened.
Ask. and it shall be given.
Seek. and you shall find.
It shall be opened.
Help.
Matteo.
Matteo. don't leave me here.
Help me.
Please. help me.
Father.
The Nazarene. the crucified one.
Has risen.
He is not here.
The resurrection of Jesus.
Offers us once again
the gift of life.
Of an illuminated path.
In these challenging times.
the Lord has risen.
To leave the signs of
a renewed humanity
and a renewed world.
Our Father.
who art in heaven.
Hallowed be thy name.
Thy kingdom come. thy will be done;
On earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day our daily bread.
And forgive us our sins.
What?
What the hell are you doing?
Hail Mary. full of grace.
What an idiot.
Blessed is the fruit
of thy womb. Jesus.
Holy Mary. Mother of God.
Pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour of our death.
Hail Mary full of
grace. Lord.
You're welcome.
You can continue with the hug.
You're my Saint Matteo.
Try with the consonants.
- Give me your hand.
- What are you going to do? No. no. no.
- No. come on.
- Oh come on. please.
You know I played soccer?
You played soccer?
Yeah.
I was the goalkeeper.
- I even made a save.
- Oh yeah?
More or less. It was fun.
Last one.
Look.
Now we're the silly little brothers.
Let's see. tell me...
there at school...
Isn't there any girl you like?
Come on. you can tell me?
Maybe there's someone.
Aha! So there is someone...
Tell me about it.
She...
Does she know?
No.
Well.
but show her
that you're curious.
Ask her lots of questions.
You have a lot to discover.
They can't stay
locked up in here.
Look how in love you are.
I'm in love.
you're in love...
What do I have to do with this?
Michela. from the inn.
Oh my God!
How the hell do people in this country
manage to find out about everyone's life?
I don't like her much.
How jealous you are.
She hugs me whenever she wants.
Dad doesn't say anything because
apparently she needs it more than others.
And why is that?
I don't feel like
talking about that. professor.
I have something for you.
Your classmates will get it tomorrow.
That size fits Natalia.
And it fits you well too.
I don't want you to leave.
And now?
What are you doing here?
I'm not feeling very well.
You don't look good.
Well. I'll tell Jango.
Dad.
I don't want to do it today.
You know that's not possible.
It hurts so much.
Just for today.
How disgusting.
What the hell do you want?
Mauro. you know what happens
if there are no hugs.
The tower might fall.
Yes. but I'm also a father.
Father.
you would never have
allowed this before.
Matteo is 15 years old.
Your son wanted a motorcycle at 15.
He wanted it so bad
he yelled at you.
And what did you do in the end?
What did you do?
You took it away.
It makes you laugh.
And your son?
- We get the concept. right?
- You understood absolutely nothing.
Mauro. calm down.
Matteo is no different
from your children.
Get that into your heads.
or we won't last long.
Is that clear?
Nobody's accusing you.
The problem is something else.
we all know who it is.
Rossetti.
That's enough.
I have everything under control.
Run Prato. run.
My wife.
She died in the accident.
I'm sorry.
Should I call the police?
Trust me. no one will help you.
Did he get too close?
And you know all this is
because of the hugger. right?
Yes. of course.
He's a child.
Just a child.
It's about another beast
that has come to earth.
performing "great miracles."
He forced everyone. small
and great. poor and rich.
free and slave.
to receive a mark
on their right hand
or on their forehead.
A mark on the skin.
I was marked once too.
Now I'm free.
I know how to remove the mark.
What you're saying makes no sense.
I understand that Mrs. Corbyn.
threw herself out of
the window for no reason.
I can still save him. professor.
I need to go home.
The mark on his skin
allows him to enter.
- Enter where?
- Inside the person who hugs him
and do whatever he wants with them.
Why do you think Mauro Corbin
stopped hugging him?
Because he loves him?
Why him?
The view that rises
from earth takes away pain.
But nothing for God.
because God is found
most of all in pain.
Berni.
He didn't come today.
I returned Lorenzo's skateboard.
How kind.
I'll call him right away. if...
Lorenzo.
Behave yourself.
They haven't been talking
about me all day. have they?
I don't care.
You know I don't care
what you care about?
I'm sorry.
Want a hug?
I only do that when
my mother makes me.
I know.
But then you're okay.
Don't tell anyone.
Al dente.
a little bit of salt...
Six and a half minutes...
Mine is more or less the same.
How much should I give you?
Maybe with rice. potatoes
and mussels. you'll do better.
Matteo. I have to tell you
something nice.
Enough!
Both of you back to your places.
Want to explain what happened?
I did a ippon.
Did you forget I know a thing
or two about judo?
He was dominating you. How is it
possible that you threw him like that?
What's wrong?
You don't answer my phone?
You're weird.
You're disrespecting yourself. Matteo.
Why are you doing this?
Aren't you happy
that I won even once?
I don't know what you did.
I don't know.
But for me. you didn't win.
I won.
You didn't.
- I won.
- For me you didin't.
I WON!
Hi.
I wasn't expecting you tonight.
But. why are you leaving?
Leave it. I already know.
Why are you leaving it like this?
Hey.
talk to me.
I said forget it.
For days it seems like
you want to talk.
Sergio. you couldn't avoid hugging him.
So I had to hug him.
They think they're the
chosen holy men. the righteous ones.
Instead. they're just a group
of crazy criminals
and I'm crazier than you.
Why am I here in silence.
doing nothing...
Saying nothing about all this?
- Please.
- Because if not. I'm sick...
- Please. don't talk to me like that.
- Seems like you can't talk
without being bad.
Then you go home with Pinser.
Go dump all your shit.
don't bother me after.
- Don't say that please.
- You get in line.
Why do you do that?
You're the president! It's your house.
You need it more than anyone.
Don't come messing with me.
- You don't understand. - According
to you. you want to live by the sea
but you're still stuck here...
And you abuse this kid along with
everyone else until they kill him...
I WAS ON THAT TRAIN!
I was on that train.
But I was painting my nails.
My sister was 11 years old.
When I opened my eyes.
I was still holding her hand. but...
...the rest had disappeared.
I kept saying:
mommy. daddy. mommy. daddy...
They couldn't hear me.
No matter what I did...
I'd been seeing that for weeks.
Then Matteo came and...
he fixed it...
He fixed everything...
And I.
now I'm fine. now I'm not...
Look at me.
But now everything's okay.
Maybe you're right.
He doesn't deserve it.
Huh?
I didn't deserve it either.
And neither did you.
Please. you're going in circles.
Ready?
We're late. Everyone's there already.
Matteo.
Don't even think about it.
Open the door.
Matteo.
You're playing with fire. Matteo.
♪ You know? ♪
♪ People are strange ♪
♪ First you hate them ♪
♪ Then you love them ♪
♪ You change your mind ♪
♪ Suddenly ♪
♪ First. no...
the truth after ♪
♪ No. They're tyrants ♪
♪ Without seriousness ♪
♪ As if it were mine ♪
♪ You. know ♪
♪ People are fighting ♪
♪ Maybe it's too insufficient ♪
♪ Blindly following the world ♪
♪ When everything changes ♪
♪ She changes too without stopping ♪
♪ Fool. if you want... ♪
Ciao.
Bye. Lorenzo.
Are you feeling better?
What the hell!
Leave. Corbin.
I said leave.
You're better than you seem.
I saw inside you.
I'll make him pay for this.
both him and his mother.
Matteo. I promise you
won't see them again.
Mauro. I'm sorry.
Look at me.
You know what's even better
than seeing your children happy?
See them alive.
Let's go.
Mauro.
Wait. I have something to tell you.
Dad
Shut up.
You have to do what
I tell you. that's clear.
Look at me when I'm talking to you.
From today. no more going out.
No more judo.
- Dad. please.
- I tried to trust you. Matteo.
but you mocked me.
And look at the result.
Have you forgotten who you are?
I don't want to be like this.
There will be many tonight.
and it's all your fault.
They'll book one by one
as the lord wishes.
Is that clear?
I don't like it.
What did you say?
I don't like it. I don't like it.
I don't like it.
I DON'T LIKE IT!
Matteo.
I decide who I am.
Forgive me. Matteo.
Forgive us.
What are you doing?
Look. I don't even want to hear you.
Lorenzo.
What did you see when you hugged him?
I don't want to do this.
Let me go home.
What did you see
when you hugged him?
What did you see?
What was that?
- What did you see?
- My son.
What happened to your son?
What happened to him?
It doesn't matter.
How?
How did he die?
Listen...
Look. there was this kid who
used to mock him around there.
And it was all.
because he had long hair.
One day he came home crying.
You have to show your balls.
I told Giacomo.
You can't always act
like a sissy.
And just like that
I cut his hair. Damn it.
Military cut.
The other boy had asthma.
And then one day.
the inhaler
just disappeared.
He had a seizure.
He was about to die.
They saved him miraculously.
but Giacomo...
...did nothing.
He said nothing.
He just stood there in silence.
And when I discovered the truth...
He told me he had shown his balls.
And what did you do?
"You're a monster."
That's what I told him.
That was the last thing I told him.
Then I left home.
That weighs on me.
I can't bear it.
I have it present all the time.
You must forgive
yourself for your son.
Never forget him.
You must feel the pain.
That way it won't be able to enter.
Get out of here. professor.
Professor.
I did something bad.
What did you do. Matteo?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no.
They're coming for me.
Keep them away.
Don't move from here.
Good evening. Rossetti.
Good evening.
Nothing's happening here.
Will you let us in?
Alright.
- But the priest stays outside.
- Why? - Wait here.
First of all. I wanted to say
I went too far this morning.
As his father. you don't deserve
to hear something like that.
What thing?
From the first day you arrived here.
I thought you had it all figured out.
You're a rational man.
You saw a tyrannical father.
a town of crazy people.
a boy who needed
to be rescued.
But there are things about
Matteo that nobody knows.
I know everything. Corvin.
So you also know.
that Matteo isn't my son?
Anna and I wanted one so badly.
every moment seemed
right. but nothing.
We made peace with it.
but we felt punished.
Then came March 21st. 2009.
And that day...
...everyone in Remis felt punished.
I was there to help.
We searched under the rubble.
We only found corpses.
Then...
I can feel it.
And somewhere. his cry.
He must be a few months old.
I'm digging with these hands.
I found him.
A newborn.
Dirty and hurt.
But he's alive.
My heart stops.
You can imagine at least
a little how I felt.
- I lift him in my arms...
- And the pain disappears.
Nobody asked about him.
Nobody.
Anna and I decided to raise him...
...and everything else.
We were convinced it was
a gift from God.
I looked for Matteo in the Bible.
in the Gospels.
I never found anything. professor.
It's not a lie.
But I needed it.
That was the day I realized
what he was really capable of doing.
I had to keep pretending.
I spent a whole life
keeping him in check.
a whole life.
I sacrificed everything!
I lost my wife.
And then you arrived.
A broken father.
We wanted to welcome you.
But that's not enough for you. cause
you only care about your conscience.
even if it costs
destroying us all.
You know what's right?
Professor.
Damn! What was on
the cursed ground?
You have to stay calm.
Nothing.
Where are you going?
I'm going to search the field.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Don't move.
Hands on the wheel!
Thomas.
Listen to me.
Don't mess this up.
Look at me.
- Hey...
- Shut up.
Thomas. listen to me.
Thomas.
There's still time...
Attilio.
Stop.
Calm down!
Attilio.
They're coming for us now.
Listen.
They're like this because of you.
Hey.
Calm down.
Easy.
Look.
You convinced me of everything.
I know nothing about what matters.
What am I?
You're the angel of Remis.
Matteo.
Why did you leave. Matteo?
But I told you to let them go.
I'm not an angel.
I'm a monster.
Michela.
You're leaving?
I would have told you.
Liar.
No. no. no. no. no.
Michela?
Michela.
Leave it. Michela.
Shit. Please. leave it alone.
Please.
Michela! What did you do!
Oslo.
Why did you do it?
Tell me.
Put it down. Michela.
What do you want to do?
You're right. I'm leaving.
I was a jerk.
I said a lot of stupid things.
Don't go. Professor.
Don't you want me?
Don't you love me?
Matteo.
Is that you?
It's your fault.
ALL OF THIS IS YOUR FAULT!
Matteo.
Look to be sure.
Bad. right?
An angel doesn't look like this.
Why?
Why what?
I didn't know I could do it.
Remember
when you asked me
where all the pain went...
It stayed inside
my arms.
in my head.
Sometimes. everyone...
Let it go now.
You don't understand.
I can't.
Matteo.
Matteo. listen to me.
It's not true
that I don't love you.
You changed me for the better.
- Only because you hugged me.
- No.
No. no. no.
And you know very well that's
not true. You. It was you.
It was just you.
Now come back with me.
I can't.
You can't leave them
in this state.
Try. Matteo.
I already did. I can't.
Matteo.
I CAN'T!
I can't go back anymore.
You're my son.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm